James Pappas is here today and he's thrilled to
death that he's here. In fact, on spring break, he
wanted to stay up here. He loves A&M. But I think
they need to intermingle
a little bit more with the former students because
I'm here on this Saul Ross reunion. I'm
disappointed in the turnout. And I don't know why.
We talked about it last night. Like you, they asked
me at the hospitality room, what can we do to get
more people involved? I don't know. But I think the
administration needs to get out into the field a
little bit more instead of staying here. And Ray
Bowen has done a great job, outstanding job. I'll
do whatever Ray Bowen wants to do. I'll support him
and always have and always will. He's such a fine
person. But I think they need to get out and just
socialize a little bit more, as we say, in quotes,
socialize, you know. And to get the former
students, because pretty soon my classmates like
me are passing on and we need the younger group. If
someone walked up to you and handed you a check for a
million dollars with one condition on it, you must
pass that check on to A&M. If you had the capability
to make a major gift to A&M, for what purpose would
you want that money used? Scholarships. For whom?
For a deserving student. Now, I'm not going to set
any parameters about IQs and SATs and stuff like
that. Because there are a lot of deserving kids out
there who don't have SAT over 1150 or 1200 but who
deserve scholarships. How do you decide that they
deserve it? How would you measure that deserving?
By interview? by contact, by background checks on
them, and I'm happy to say that my brothers and I
have had a Presidential Endowed Scholarship for
the last twenty years. Does it matter what the
student majors in? It does not matter. It does not
matter. Or whether it's he or she or where they're
from? three, the last four we had were females.
This one is a male, first male we had. And he's on the
track team, he's a javelin thrower, and his grades
are, he passes the marks and everything. And we're
happy about that. I'm about through now, but I'm
thinking about a few other things. Of all your
Aggie memories, of what are you most proud?
other than the fact that you came here. I came here
and I graduated. Well I'm proud, I really am proud
that A&M designated me as a distinguished student
and distinguished alumni in 1996. That was the
biggest surprise I've had about A&M. And that
tells me A&M doesn't seek those with
money resources or what. They're seeking a person
who likes A&M, who will contribute to A&M, which I
will do and have done.
And also, when I captained the A&M basketball
team, I was honored by that. I'm honored that I was
the second and third president of the Texas, of the
A&M's Letterman Association, helped build that,
helped get that going back in the 70s. And I'm
delighted that I went to A&M because it helped me
become a general. A general's a general. And I had
no idea when I came to A&M about even liking the
military, but I was going to do it. And here, some
40, 50 years later, I'm a general officer status,
and it just makes me proud that A&M had all to do with
it, to tell you the truth. Because A&M is looked
upon throughout the world. as great leaders and
great patriots. During World War II, we had 17,000
officers. And I presume that you saw a number of
Aggies in Europe during the war. I did. Oh, yeah. I
saw a bunch. Did you, by chance, run into Earl
Rutter during the war? No, sir, but I served under
General Rutter in the reserve. He was commander of
the 9th Division, and I was one of his battalion
commanders. I commanded the artillery
battalion. him and a great guy. His assistant was
Graber Kidwell from Dallas and he was my artillery
commander, General Kidwell. But General Rudder
was down to earth, smart, let you do your job. He
always said, You're the artillery man. Do your
job. Do your work. Yes, sir, General. But, yeah,
great guy. I've got only one more question I can
think of. Have we left anything out that you want to
be sure we include about you and A&M?
Can't think of anything that, I think we covered it
pretty well. You have covered it pretty well. Then
the last question is, what feelings do you carry in
your heart for Texas A&M today?
You want me to cry? I can cry with A&M. I'm about to do
it now. Great, great school.
In my heart, A&M will stand with my father and
mother. That's how strong I feel about A&M. Let's
quit with that.